Question.
>> This is maybe too much of a sidetrack.
But I'm just curious if we added
some encryption into that,
would we have the beginnings of a VPN
we could use or is that totally-
>> Yeah, we can do that.
If you want, I can do that,
that sounds fun.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, so actually, a bit later,
I'm gonna talk about core streams,
so we can use one of these
methods like create cipher.
These algorithms actually aren't great.
This is more like a topic for
tomorrow's workshop.
But I would use something like the lib
sodium implementations available in node.
But whatever, we'll just use some aes or
whatever I guess for this purpose.
Yeah, let's build the crappy VPN-
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] With just like a password,
sure so, It's getting interesting.
Okay, so we'll copy your proxy server and
we'll call it vpn.js now.
So our VPN will be an echo server VPN,
it'll connect to our echo server inside
of our network and back out again.
So there's a crypto module in node
that provides different kinds of
streaming endpoints.
So what we need to do is we need to,
So our client now is gonna
have to be crypto aware.
So we're gonna have to
write a separate client.
I'll write this server first.
So we need to create a password.
That's pretty secure.
And then we need to create a cipher for
that, so
I'll call it enc = crypto.createCipher,
I believe, and
then it takes the algorithm.
That's in algorithm ab, right?
readme crypto, there's a great
command that you can get at NPM called
the readmeNPM install-greadme.
And I actually wrote this patch,
you can read the core docs offline in
your terminal for any kind of package.
So just find an exit,
whoops, createCipher.
So here's an example right there,
we'll just use that,
whatever that is aes192, who cares?
[LAUGH]
>> I'll be doing my banking on this later
so please do it right.
>> [LAUGH] So
this is gonna be a transform stream,
this createCipher provides us.
So we need to take the incoming
data that's gonna be encrypted.
We need to decipher it actually.
So we would call createDecipher, I think.
Yeah, createDecipher with the algorithm
name and then the password,
so just a standard symmetric cipher.
So we'll pipe our
encryption into a stream.
Or sorry, our stream goes
into our encryption like so.
Actually, we could do this in line and
it will look cooler.
Although I'll cover a better way to
sort of set up these pipe chains a bit
later with a module called pump defy that
it's better for production purposes.
But whatever,
don't do this in production anyways,
don't roll your own crypto please.
And then so our echo server is gonna
be a piece of legacy software so
it's not gonna be able
to support encryption.
So we're gonna pipe plain
text to it behind our VPN.
And then at the other end, we need to
encrypt the data on the way out again.
So right, and then, of course, this is
gonna be vulnerable to all kinds of
terrible things like replay attacks and
whatever.
So [LAUGH] again,
it's just an example, don't use it.
>> What's a replay attack?
>> It's when you take a packet that's
been sent and you just send it again.
>> Okay.
>> [LAUGH] And if the if the crypto
doesn't set a sequence and
doesn't do a bunch of other tricks,
then it'll just accept it.
And so if you know when somebody submitted
something, you can sort of figure out
what packet that was and
send it again and again and again.
If somebody sent you $5,
you just capture when they did it, and
then just send it again and again, and
you have a million dollars, anyways.
>> Let's do that next.
>> [LAUGH] It'd be a little bit trickier
to do that just on the fly, unprepared.
So we can pipe the other end into
createCiphers that it's also encrypted
on the way out.
That's another kind of transform stream.
And then we could pipe that
back out to our stream.
So here's what our pipeline is,
this is still sort of a basic
duplex pipeline because it starts with
a stream and it ends with the same stream.
And in between,
we have another duplex stream, but
we sort of sandwiched in two
transforms in the middle.
So we're gonna take our encrypted stream.
We're gonna decrypt it, we're gonna
pipe that data to our echo server and
our VPN and then we're gonna encrypt
it again and send it on out.
So that's what this should do.
And again, this is on the fly.
So we're playing with fire a little bit.
So we need to make a custom client now,
vpn-client.js.
Whoops, so
I just copied the existing VPN server and
we're gonna modify this client
to try to get it to work.
So instead of net.createServer,
we create our stream now with net.connect.
And we can give it a port and I'm sorry,
our port is actually a 5005
is where our VPN server runs.
So our VPN client is gonna
take standard in and
we're gonna pipe that to encryption.
So all that we need to do is sort of
swap the order of the decipher and
the cipher, like so.
And our decipher goes there.
And we put the stream in the middle,
and then we pipe the standard out.
And now we are the duplex stream.
So notice how process standard
in goes into a duplex stream,
goes out to process standard out.
But then, we are the duplex stream that's
gonna type things into the keyboard and
also read them.
So we're sort of supplying the input and
interpreting the output as our
human meet machine can uniquely do.
So I don't know, this might work.
Let's give it a shot.
So node vpn.js, and
now node vpn-client.js.
A digital envelope routing,
weird, connection refused.
All right,
I'm not running the echo server.
So I need to run the echo server,
port 5000.
I'm the sysadmin now, so standing up
all of the servers to run the vpn.
Now I run the vpn client, I say hi.
And no data comes back
which I think is because,
yeah, so it's-
>> There was an error on the [INAUDIBLE].
>> What?
>> There was an error on the echo server.
>> No, what it's actually
doing is it's buffering.
So the way these crypto streams work is
you have to actually fill them up with
enough data before they'll provide output.
And this is done for some good
security reasons but if you notice,
once I typed a bunch of gibberish,
and indeed told us back, hello.
So with some other
improvements to do filling,
I mean I wouldn't really mess with this
anymore cuz it's horribly insecure.
But in due time, you could have a semi
decent kinda thing if you wanted to spend
a lot of time-
>> Could you trace through what happened
again, just like all the servers and
where everything went and went back to?
>> Yeah, so to recap,
we have our echo server.
Our echo server is very simple.
We were testing it with Netcat.
So it takes input and
writes out the output again.
We can also stick it to uppercase
stream in there if we want it to,
the uppercase echo server or whatever,
but it's just a simple echo server.
We have our VPN server, runs on port 5005.
And it connects to the echo
server which runs on port 5000.
It takes incoming connections,
unencrypts them.
And then sends the plaintext
to our echo server,
our echo server sends the response
back to the VPN server.
And the VPN server then encrypts the data
and sends it back out to the client.
So it's encrypted both ways on
the boundary of the network.
Then in our VPN client, it does the same
thing but in an opposite order.
So it takes input from standard in,
pipes that to our encryption,
pipes that back out to the stream,
which is the connection to the VPN server.
And anything that comes back from the VPN
server then needs to be decrypted which is
done right here.
And the plaintext is written to
standard out, so that's what we have.
>> We could validate this
by running TCP dump and
listening to see if it's encrypted or
not encrypted?
>> Yeah, you would see
encrypted data on on the port.
But you'd see unencrypted data
on port 5000 if you're gonna get
all on the same machine, so yeah.
You could use some of those TCP dump
commands from the networking section to
do that.